# Manipulatin_variables
Scenario: Programs primarily operate by storing data in variables and manipulating that data.  You will write several scripts to do just that.
Coffee_shop is divided into two cells. The first cell greets the user, creates a variable for the cost of a coffee and a pastry each, asks the user to input those prices, then prints out the two given costs. The second cell turns the two previous variables into floats, creates a variable for the total cost equal to the two prior variables added together, then prints the total cost.
GPS is divided into two cells. Cell one asks the distance and speed, and confirms the inputs. Cell two turns the two variables into floats, creates the travel time variable equal to distance divided by speed, then prints out the estimated travel time in hours.
Stationery_store is the same as Coffee_shop but with one more variable
Age_calc is two cells. First make the variables asking for current year and birth year, confirm the inputs. Second turn the variables into int, make the age variable equal to current year minus birth year, finally print the user's age
Pizza_party is two cells. First make the variables asking for number of pizzas, slices per pizza, and number of guests. Confirm the inputs. Second turn the variables into int. make total slices variable equal to total pizzas multiplied by slices per pizza. Make slices per guest variable equal to total slices divided by number of guests. Confirm amount of total slices and print how many slices each guest should receive.
Salary_calc is two cells. First creates the variables equal to user's input for hourly wage and hours worked, then confirms the inputs. Second turns the variables to float, creates the weekly salary variable equal to hourly wage multiplied by hours worked, lastly prints the weekly salary.